.\" Modified from standard man(1) format
.Dd March 2025
.Dt LLMF 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm llmf
.Nd CLI tool to feed your LLM the necessary context to get help.
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Op Fl d Ar path
.Op Fl o Ar file
.Op Fl -no-xclip
.Op Fl h
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm
is a command-line utility that collects file contents and directory structure information, formats it, and either saves it to a file or copies it to the clipboard.

By default, the tool processes the current directory and copies the output to the clipboard if `xclip` is installed.

.Sh OPTIONS
.Bl -tag -width "-o FILE"
.It Fl d , Fl -dir Ar path
Specify the directory to process (default: current directory).
.It Fl o , Fl -output Ar file
Save the output to a file instead of copying to the clipboard.
.It Fl -no-xclip
Disable copying the output to the clipboard.
.It Fl h , Fl -help
Display this help message and exit.
.El

.Sh EXAMPLES
.Bl -tag -width "llmf -d /path/to/dir"
.It Xo
.Nm
.Xc
List contents and structure of the current directory.
.It Xo
.Nm Fl d /path/to/dir
.Xc
Process a specific directory.
.It Xo
.Nm Fl o output.txt
.Xc
Save output to a file instead of copying to clipboard.
.It Xo
.Nm Fl -no-xclip
.Xc
Disable clipboard copying.
.El

.Sh NOTES
If `xclip` is not installed and clipboard copying is enabled, the script will display an error and exit.

.Sh FILES
.Bl -tag -width "/usr/local/bin/llmf" -compact
.It Pa /usr/local/bin/llmf
Installation path for the script.
.El

.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr find 1 ,
.Xr tree 1 ,
.Xr xclip 1

.Sh AUTHORS
Written by Guillaume Dorschner.
